Added a warning until we can get the runtime audited (#298)
near/near-sdk-js: README.md

> **Warning**

> > This is alpha software. The JavaScript runtime has not been audited yet, use [Rust](https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs) if your contract holds value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning**
> 
> This SDK is currently in **[`Alpha`](https://github.com/near/near-sdk-js/releases/)**. 
> 
> The JavaScript runtime has not been fully audited. For creating smart contracts that hold value please use [`near-sdk-rs`](https://github.com/near/near-sdk-rs). 
> 
> Help contribute!
> - [Report issues you encounter](https://github.com/near/near-sdk-js/issues) 🐞 
> - [Provide suggestions or feedback](https://github.com/near/near-sdk-js/discussions) 💡 
> - [Show us what you've built!](https://github.com/near/near-sdk-js/discussions/categories/show-and-tell) 💪  
```
